
T1: I applied segmentation techniques to green samples obtained from a scanner, a Specim IQ, and a Tunable Light Source. I selected a representative spectrum from the image and used it to identify and select all similar spectra within the image. As a result, only the specific material was selected.

T2: I acquired a spectral image of various white powders. I plotted all the spectra and selected the optimal bands to generate as many colors as possible in the RGB-preview. I created an RGB-preview image for both the visible and IR powders. I aimed to achieve a maximum number of colors in the RGB-preview.

T3: I attempted to use the same methods as in the previous examples to segment and highlight leaves made of different materials. I tried both visible (VIS) and infrared (IR) imaging. I found that using IR imaging was simpler for this task. I selected a representative spectrum from the image and used it to identify and select all similar spectra within the image. I utilized a method similar to the one demonstrated in the previous examples or developed my own method. The goal was to achieve a clear segmentation and highlighting of leaves made of different materials in the resulting image.I attempted to use the same methods as in the previous examples to segment and highlight leaves made of different materials. I tried both visible (VIS) and infrared (IR) imaging. I found that using IR imaging was simpler for this task. I selected a representative spectrum from the image and used it to identify and select all similar spectra within the image. The goal was to achieve a clear segmentation and highlighting of leaves made of different materials in the resulting image.
